docs: emphasize on useStore and onInput$ (#5719)
BuilderIO/qwik: packages/docs/src/routes/docs/(qwik)/components/rendering/index.mdx

})
```

> > It does not work with `useStore` since it does not return a signal, but you can still use the standard approach as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It does not work with `useStore` since it does not return a signal, but you can still use the manual approach ( value + onInput$ ) as shown below.
```
WDYT?
